Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Who is it?
Hey. move your hand asshole. or
ain't opening the door.
Fuck.
I'm so sorry.
I don't know.
Please don't fucking kill me.
Fucking. come on. man.
You've seen my family.
They're better off without you.
What?
Everybody is.
♪ Take me ♪
♪ Take me out of the water ♪
♪ Guide me to the border ♪
♪ In the sea home ♪
♪ Guide me ♪
♪ Steer me through
the wasteland ♪
♪ I can be a shadow ♪
♪ That saves me ♪
♪ Let me leave you alive ♪
♪ Aye ♪
It used to be.
how long ago?
Start my day. brew some coffee.
Shave. shower.
I stand here looking out
at this very river.
And I'll swear to you on the
bible.
Sheriff.
The thought of death never
crossed my mind.
Now. I look at this land same as
always been.
Ain't the hills has changed.
Current keeps moving.
Ain't the matter of if some will
die today.
It's the matter of who.
♪ You got something ♪
♪ Behind your eyes ♪
♪ The way you're talking ♪
♪ It's a cheap disguise ♪
♪ We were made ♪
♪ To chase a light ♪
♪ But you got saved ♪
♪ On a moonless night ♪
♪ Get free tonight ♪
♪ Set it all on fire ♪
♪ Find your reasons ♪
♪ Find the good fight ♪
♪ Chase down your demons ♪
♪ Tame 'em right ♪
♪ Sun is gonna come ♪
♪ Creeping on closed eyes ♪
♪ We're getting free tonight ♪
♪ No one knows me
better than you ♪
♪ No one knows my heart
so well ♪
♪ You get the shape and the size
and you're holding well ♪
♪ When I get it broken. yeah.
you fix me up ♪
♪ No one knows me better than
you ♪
♪ Heal me all ♪
I swear you're gonna get a high
heel in the eye
if you keep sneaking up on me
like that.
Too easy.
Hi.
♪ No one knows me
better than you ♪
Hey. hold on.
Hold on a second. Just--
What?
First things first.
Come on here.
What are you doing?
Come over here.
What?
What are you gonna ask me?
Yeah.
I know this don't look like much
but
I promise you
I'm gonna put a diamond on this
finger as soon as I can.
I don't care about diamonds.
I mean. I don't know.
Maybe I care about diamonds.
Will you marry me?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah. I wanna marry you.
♪ No one knows me-- ♪
Of course. I wanna marry you!
I was fucking nervous.
♪ What I really want in life is
what I have with you ♪
♪ No one knows me better than
you ♪
SON
You always blame my friends..
SHERIFF
Uh. Who should I blame?
SON
You have no idea what we saw
over there.
SHERIFF
Son. you're better than that.
Hey. girlies.
Good morning to you.
It's past lunch time.
Well.
Would you like to buy some Girl
Scout cookies?
You know. I would. but I ain't
got no money right now. honey.
Sorry.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
You look sick.
Have a good day.
I'm home. speak your mind.
My family goes to St. Baptist
Stop 260. right?
Yeah.
Well. I was--
I was thinking that maybe I
would start going with them.
What?
Don't laugh with me.
I'm-- I'm not laughing at you.
I just--
Fuck. I didn't know that you
were religious and all.
I'm talking about structure.
I think it might help us
get sober.
Since when do you want that?
Since this.
I don't think I can do it.
Um. I felt we tried to get
before it.
It's goddamn nightmare.
I never wanted you
to be like me.
Hey. I love you.
I think that we can do it.
Together.
Shit. so we're gonna do this.
huh?
Yes.
Yeah?
Don't just sit around thinking
about it.
We're really gonna do this.
Now. I'll go get coffee.
See your sister's home.
Hey. will you wear your helmet
for me please?
Don't know how much long we're
gonna have this. dude.
This whole town is dying.
It feels like nothing is what it
used to be.
No kids out playing.
No parents. no stores.
Nobody is in the stores.
Just dying.
You looking rough. man.
Don't let Ray treat you like
this. okay?
Go home.
I'll cover for you.
Thanks.
Jesus.
Check this out. boss.
Look familiar?
Foreigners. one week.
Never been this bad in my day.
Never. never. never.
They keep piling up.
One after another.
I am fucking dying.
Oh shit.
Fuck!
Fucking-- I'm fucking done!
Do you hear me?
You hear what I'm saying?
Alright.
I'm done. I'm done. I'm done.
Stop. okay?
Just stop it.
We need to stop. Hey. hey. hey.
What'd I do?
Don't fucking touch me.
Don't fucking touch me!
Hey. I understand.
Don't fucking do that.
Are you fucking--
You!
You fucking--
What'd I do?
Baby. I can't let you out.
I'm in so much pain.
I know. I'm sorry.
You fucking did this.
I need money.
You hear me?
Hey!
Get me out.
You fucking--
Fucking--
Fuck!
What the fuck are you doing? If
you love me--
I love you so much.
you will let me out of this room
right now.
Baby. if you let me just--
Do you love me?
Baby. I love you. Just try to
stay in.
I understand.
I am in so much--
Hey. hey.
It's okay.
It's alright. We'll be okay.
Hey. how you doing?
Can I see this one?
She real?
Yes. sir.
Ain't stolen. is she?
You looking for a stolen ring.
you're in the wrong goddamn
shop. boy.
No.
I have 450.
I might be willing to bend a
little. but not much.
And don't ask me for no layaway.
Okay. then
I'll be back for it when I got
the money.
Can't promise you it'll still be
here.
She'll be here.
Oh!
Oh fuck.
Where you been. cuz?
I'm in hurry. Elvis.
Cash flow issues?
What?
Why didn't you say so?
Just enough to tie you and your
little lady over.
Fuck. fuck. no man.
No. I don't want that fucking
shit.
Me and Ruby. we're clean now.
That a fact?
Yeah.
I'm gonna ask Ruby about that by
myself.
No.
No. you don't.
I need you to stay away from
her.
All those times I fronted you.
Now you act like I'm some shit
you can just scrape off your
boot?
85 bucks.
It's all I got.
For you to stay the fuck away
from me and Ruby.
She ain't get by me.
That's why I get paid the big
bucks for.
You know what?
What?
No. don't...
See?
Swear to god. I got worried.
Now you got nothing better to do
than sit around
and worry about me?
I know how hard it must be
working all day for us
like you do.
But it's gonna be worth it.
I just saw Elvis.
Did you take something?
Is that what you think of me?
You're the one who just came in
here acting all weird
telling me that you saw Elvis
when--
Well. I didn't.
This time.
Fuck.
I'm sorry. what are you saying?
I just--
I don't think I can do this.
I can't do this.
I can't fucking do this.
I feel it.
What are you saying?
You shouldn't be around me
right now.
I--
Fuck. I gotta get out of here.
What? Hey! It's just--
Hey!
Don't you say that.
It's okay.
Hey.
We're doing this.
Okay?
I don't want to fuck this up.
You hearing me?
Oh. just the man I need to see.
Goddamn pothole playing hell.
am I right?
Where are my tax dollars going?
You paying taxes these days.
Elvis?
You ain't got a side hustle for
fares. do you now?
I'm Sheriff Church.
Get your hands off my vehicle.
Hey. no disrespect.
Oh. shit!
Fuck!
Goddammit. you gave me
a heart attack.
Huh?
Hah!
Guess what?
What?
The thrift shop hired me.
Well. of course. they did.
What'd I tell you?
Yeah. well. it's only part time
for now.
But they have the cutest stuff.
And I got you a present.
Oh. you hate it.
No. No. no. I don't hate it.
You hate it.
Yes. you do.
Gee. I don't think I've worn a
button-up
since my fucking graduation.
I like this one better.
Yeah?
You like it?
Yeah. I like it a lot.
Hey. thank you.
You're welcome.
I mean it. thank you.
Well. I mean it. you're welcome.
Guess what?
What?
Got you a present. too.
-No. you didn't.
-I did.
No. you didn't.
I gotta take you to it though.
No. you--
Yes. I do.
Oh. I gotta take you to the
present.
It's all the way in the bedroom.
I'm so sorry.
I did. oh my goodness.
You are so...
Hey. I love you. Ruby Red.
I love you more. Shelby John.
Shelby. Ms. Red.
Hey. Mike. how's it going?
Goes right. I suppose.
Like the whirl or like the
toilet?
There is a perspective of it.
It's like the whirl!
Well. I have to admit. it's nice
to see your friends happy.
We made it.
Ruby Red.
Hey. Peter.
Hi. hey.
Good to see you.
Hey. Shelby John.
How are you doing?
Look at you two.
Isn't it amazing?
Now. your girl here. has even
been helping out at the church.
We gonna see you there anytime
soon?
I don't know. maybe. Maybe.
-Yeah.
-Maybe.
Yeah.
Aunty Rubs.
Oh my God. Conor.
You're getting so big.
You better stop growing.
Hey look. we got you a present.
Happy birthday.
And I think you're gonna like
it.
Thanks.
Boy. what a hall.
It's all you?
Dar. are you decent?
Only sometimes.
Aw. you sound like mama.
Oh.
Mm. busy becoming a mama.
Oh my. that's right.
I forgot that ain't your little
tiny beer belly no more.
Oh. stop.
You're glowing.
What you want with that thing.
little sis?
For real?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Ah. maybe don't be
so mean about it.
'cause he's saving up
for real one.
And I kind of like this one
right now.
So. you know.
Oh.
I'm happy for you. little girl.
Yeah.
So how you doing?
I'm still sober. if that's what
you're asking me right now.
Oh. girl.
That's fucking great!
Come on. you should be proud of
yourself.
What. sweetie?
I'm just so scared.
We trust in your wisdom.
And we look forward to
our boy Conor
getting washed in the blood.
Amen.
EVERYONE
Aren't you gonna have any?
Mama. I think Ruby has something
to tell y'all.
Is that right. Darda?
Oh well. we were thinking
about--
Getting hitched.
Hey. how about that?
Well. congratulations. you two.
Shelby John. you're a lucky man.
Yeah. I know.
You didn't even ask me.
Lord knows we've had our share
of differences.
But Ruby is my baby.
You didn't think to ask my
permission to take her hand?
To be honest. since her daddy's
out the picture.
I-- I didn't think about asking
permission.
But I can see now that was sort
of sexist. like on my part.
That baby girl has broke my
heart more than once.
Ain't gonna lie about that now
just 'cause she's gone clean a
couple of weeks.
Clean about over a month. mama.
Mama's talking. Darda.
Greta. with all due respect.
I'm marrying your daughter no
matter what.
What I can do is I--
I can swear to take care of her
till my dying breath.
I suppose what I'm asking for is
a little faith.
Faith is something I do have.
Don't you let me down. Shelby
John.
I won't.
Here I was listening. this fine
day cannot get any sweeter.
but I do love to be proven
wrong.
Because being proven wrong keeps
us humble.
Just. life is filled with trials
and tribulations.
We all struggle.
But it is the way we confront
those struggles that defines us.
So. this to the happy couple.
Welcome to the family.
Shelby John.
Pain in the ass.
don't get me started.
Yeah.
You should come work for me.
It's a good wage. health
insurance.
If Ruby is anything like her
sister.
she's not gonna wait too long to
have a baby.
Hey. you don't have to answer
now.
Just put it back here.
I will. thank you.
I scored us some extra cake.
Can't leave without this.
Take it. girl.
Oh my God. are you sure?
Of course. I'm sure.
Go and get it fitted.
Oh.
Do you like it?
It's beautiful.
Thank you.
Thanks.
See you later.
Bye.
Alright. let's make it a
special.
Fellas. can I get like?
What was that?
Yeah. Alright.
♪ Hey ♪
Come here.
♪ I'm out here walking
on a wild ♪
♪ I'ma. I'ma.
I'ma do it my way ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ I'ma. I'ma.
I'ma do it my way ♪
♪ Ohh-ohh-ohh ♪
♪ It's going down.
I want it all ♪
♪ Ohh-ohh-ohh ♪
♪ One to the round ♪
♪ And never come down. no ♪
♪ Ohh-ohh-ohh ♪
Oh! Ho-ho!
♪ I wanna live
and do it my way ♪
It's okay. I don't mind it.
It's fine.
♪ Hey ♪
♪ That didn't even gonna turn ♪
♪ You never gonna get a burn ♪
♪ I'ma. I'ma.
I'ma do it my way ♪
Let's do it.
Oh!
Ah!
Wooh!
♪ I'ma. I'ma.
I'ma do it my way ♪
♪ I'ma do it my way ♪
RUBY
Shelby John. I've been talking
to Pastor Paul
about getting baptized again
myself.
I think that sounds like
a fine idea.
♪ Do it my way ♪
♪ I was born to be wild
I'm sure ♪
♪ I gotta see the wealthy outta
front door ♪
♪ Change like the season ♪
♪ No rhyme or reason ♪
♪ I'm on the map on my own ♪
♪ I want the freedom ♪
♪ So break through the ceiling ♪
♪ And go ♪
♪ I'ma do it my way ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Just going down.
I want it all ♪
♪ Ohh-ohh-ohh ♪
What you doing this weekend?
I got nothing planned.
How about yourself?
I don't know. man.
Getting hit with the lady.
Popping the great question?
Oh. maybe it already happened.
Oh. really?
Alright. yeah!
The fuck you doing here?
Am I missing something?
We cool. ain't we?
I guess we ain't cool.
You gotta chill out once in a
while. soldier.
War is over for you.
I just came by to check up on my
old pal Ruby Red.
Get the fuck out of here
before I knock your teeth down
your throat.
There he is.
Our wild Mustang.
Been a minute
since I've seen him.
What's up. girl?
Just paying a visit
to your old man.
Oh. yeah?
Called me up for a little
special delivery.
Are you serious?
What's the matter?
You know. last thing I wanna do
is get between you two.
Yeah. well. you didn't do
anything wrong.
Don't tell him I told you he's
been using. will you?
Kicking it ain't an easy thing.
Don't I know it?
Hey. here.
Say why should Shelby John have
all the fun?
Baby. hey.
Didn't hear you come in.
Baptism tomorrow.
Yeah. I know. You excited?
What if I'm just not good
enough?
If you ain't good enough to be
saved. nobody is.
Come on.
Let me put some clothes on.
I'll make you something to eat.
alright?
Okay. baby. before you say
anything I'm not done yet.
I started to sand the floors.
Took out all the bars. and gave
them a first coat. right?
And the yard took me about four
hours.
Ruby?
Hey. Ruby?
Hey. hey. hey.
Oh. baby.
Baby. hey. come on. wake up.
Oh. fuck.
Oh. f--
Ruby. hey. hey. baby.
Come on. wake up.
Baby. wake up for me. come on.
Hey. Ruby. come on.
Come on. baby. Come on.
Come on. baby. Come on. come on.
come on.
Oh. shit.
Oh. fuck.
Oh. baby. what have you done?
Oh!
Oh. fuck!
No.
Oh. no. no. no.
Don't do this. baby.
Come on. come on.
♪ Like holy water ♪
♪ Like sad songbird ♪
♪ Rain in a drought ♪
♪ It's all over now ♪
♪ When daylight comes ♪
♪ Over the long night ♪
♪ Open your eyes ♪
♪ It's all right ♪
♪ Been holding that before a
moment to breathe ♪
♪ They don't know they come wash
over me ♪
♪ The tide's gonna turn now ♪
♪ Finally I am free ♪
♪ Oh. I am free ♪
♪ Over and under ♪
♪ More like a stone ♪
♪ Tossed and tumbled ♪
♪ Never alone ♪
♪ Kept our eyes ♪
♪ On things above ♪
♪ One force and home led ♪
♪ Your boundless love ♪
Blessed are the poor in spirit.
for theirs is the kingdom of
heaven.
Blessed are the pure in heart.
they shall see God.
Blessed are they which do hunger
and thirst for righteousness.
for they shall be filled.
Blessed are the peace keepers.
for they shall be called
children of God.
I hereby baptize you in the name
of the Father. the Son.
and the Holy Spirit.
♪ Someday soon you'll see
me die ♪
♪ Someday soon I think ♪
♪ We both know
for now's the end ♪
♪ Until we meet again ♪
She wanted to be washed in the
river.
Last thing she ever asked for.
Don't bare this weight alone.
Let me--
Let me baptize you both.
I still got some sin left to do.
Father.
♪ Someday soon I think ♪
♪ We both know for now's
the end ♪
♪ Until we meet again ♪
To die beautiful.
That's your form forever now.
When you're remembered. dreamt
about.
Looks like a fallen angel.
I just saw her last week on
Shelby's bike.
She looked happy. they looked
happy.
It wasn't him.
She did this herself.
My guess is Shelby John ain't
gonna be easy to find.
He was always a wild one.
Shelby John.
My boy Mickey
played ball with him.
Called him "Mustang".
Fast as a horse on the fuel.
wild and dangerous off him.
So this Mustang can kick.
Oh. he can kick alright
but he won't screw with his
burbon.
He didn't start that fight.
I'm sure as hell
he'll finish it.
Or maybe it's not too late for
Shelby John.
It's gotta be me.
If anybody else gets to him
first--
Sheriff.
They were fixing the place up.
Shelby John's problem
is knowing when to stop.
If you find him. you stay calm
and tell him I just wanna talk.
That's all.
You got it. boss.
Who is it?
Friend of your dad's.
Go get him.
If you're a friend. you know not
to come here for drug.
Get your daddy. or I'm gonna
kick down
this whole goddamn wall.
Whatever. dude.
It's your funeral.
Dad. some fucker's at the door.
I'll take care of this.
Who is it?
Hey. move your hand. asshole.
Fuck. man. Shelby?
Stay the fuck down.
Shelby. whatever he done. I'm
sure it was a mistake.
He didn't mean--
Take your kids fuck out of here.
You wanna stay or you wanna go?
I'll go. I'll go.
I'm sorry. baby.
I fucking told you. and I told
you again we were clean.
I won't give Ruby nothing else.
I'll-- I'll stay away.
Don't even gotta pay me.
She's dead.
Fuck!
I'm so sorry. Shelby.
You gotta understand.
I've been getting squeezed to
bring my numbers up.
What'd you give her?
Just a little smack.
She got Smack. what else?
That's--that's it.
I said what else?
I had to cut it.
I told you. I've been getting
squeezed
like you wouldn't believe.
Who is your supplier?
What?
Give me his name and maybe I'll
leave here
while you're still breathing.
I can't give you that.
Please don't fucking kill me.
man.
I'm gonna ask you one more
fucking time.
Your supplier?
I don't know where that shit
comes from.
I'll fucking kill you
like cattle.
I don't fucking know. man.
I swear I don't.
Okay. okay.
Darius. Darius!
Address?
I don't fucking know.
Okay. okay. okay.
Okay. okay.
I pick up my gear in Columbus.
The Brown hotel.
Different room every night.
That's all I know. man.
Please. fucking come on. man.
You've seen my family.
Just please...
They're better off without you.
Everybody is.
DISPATCH OFFICER 1
Four shots fired.
Past of 187 on Freedom drive.
Two black and white--
Suspect's armed and can be seen
on a black motorcycle.
Headed northbound on 185.
I repeat. suspect's armed headed
north on 1I-85.
I just can't the fuck.
I can't. fuck.
Oh!
Hi there.
Where did you come from?
You got your mama over there?
Think you better go back to your
mama.
Jesus Christ died for our sins.
Elvis Kincaid died for his own.
Nailed straight through the
forehead.
Church. you questioned the
family?
Church?
Yeah. I got it.
Oh. come on. Sheriff.
How long we're gonna be here?
We've already been through
enough tonight already.
I know it. Jess.
But I wouldn't be asking if it
wasn't important.
I just want to talk to the
oldest.
Well. that's Travis.
Travis it is.
Alright. only with me present.
Right. let's go.
You're on babysitting duty.
The hell I am.
How old are you?
11.
How old?
You know. my son used to play
football with your dad.
Really?
Was he any good?
Yeah. your dad held his own on
the line.
He had a good team.
Damn good.
You know what your old man did
for a living?
Umm...
Don't look to your mama now.
Now. come on.
Well. my friends used to say my
dad was the best dad.
Like. taking care of people.
Taking care of people how?
Like. with medicine.
Travis?
No. shut your mouth. Jess.
Or we all spend the rest of the
night in interrogation room.
You know where you dad keeps his
medicine?
Travis. look at me.
I don't know. sir.
I'm sorry.
Watch it. What the fuck. man?
Asshole.
Excuse me. can I help you?
I've come to see a friend.
I see. Enjoy. sir.
Hey. how you guys doing?
How you doing. Mister?
I'm doing pretty good.
You guys partying?
Oh. shit.
You know where I can buy me some
of them pills?
We got no pills. officer.
Can you not do that?
My fucking nose. man.
Hey.
Let Kenny go. Please. Mister.
He didn't mean nothing by it.
I asked him a question.
Our friend Skeeter. he gets the
pills from someone
down the hall.
Oh yeah?
Skeeter?
Which room?
Don't tell him.
Hey.
1507.
1507. Thank you.
Thanks. Kenny.
Ah. that's right.
Oxycodone. D-- Demerol.
It's a form of fentanyl.
No doubt that Kincaid was
putting this into his heroin.
This little brick has left a
whole lot of searching
in its wake.
Who that?
Kenny.
Oh. do you need some more shit.
huh. college boy?
Ah!
Oh my God.
Fucking hell.
Hey.
Ah! Ah!
Fuck. ah!
Jesus. fuck.
Stay down.
Alright. stay down!
You can suck my dick. you
fucking bitch-ass.
No. I'm good. Tell him.
Man said stay down. Skeeter.
Time to go. ladies.
So that's Skeeter.
You are?
Darius.
You can call me. "the Kin
killer".
Oh. just heard about that.
Kincaid was a piece of shit.
But the man did have a family.
You know?
I don't.
Not anymore.
Not since you were leaning on
Kincaid to sell more.
I'm getting leaned on too.
brother.
Believe me.
You want money?
There's 10 grand right there in
front of you.
I got no need for money where
I'm going.
You got that right.
motherfucker.
Just shut up. man.
You after my supplier?
I don't give a fuck. I'll give
you his name.
You let me walk.
Fuck. Darius.
You wanna get us both gutted?
Coyote is fucking--
Ah! Fuck.
Coyote?
That's what he calls himself.
Yeah.
And I know something he don't
know I know.
Where he lives.
Y'all dead.
Y'all both fucking dead.
Just watch your mouth. boy.
The grown-ups is talking.
That girl on the news they
saying you killed.
That's what they're saying. huh?
That's what this is about?
Your dumb bitch
can't handle her shit.
So you come around here swinging
your dick
like a fucking punk?
That shit pathetic. dog.
Fuck.
Oh God. motherfucker!
Fuck!
Man. I'm sorry about your girl.
I truly am.
But I didn't even know her.
That's what make it worse.
isn't it?
It didn't matter to Kincaid.
Don't matter to you.
Don't matter to some dumb fuck
calls himself "Coyote".
So where does he live?
Don't tell him shit. Darius.
Don't say--
Fuck! You motherfucker!
He's got a big old fucked up
house out in Quinton county
off a Tea Lake Road right next
to Floyd's Fork.
Took me hunting there once with
his weird-ass crew
to intimidate me.
You believe that shit?
Did he?
Did he what?
Intimidate you?
Honest. ain't nobody in my life
ever scared me like that dude.
Don't leave him breathing.
I may come back here one day.
I find you doing the same shit.
I won't just take your kneecaps.
♪ Yeah. we only open up ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ It's a sucker punch ♪
♪ What you doing? ♪
♪ My shit. shut up. man ♪
♪ This is what I'm doing ♪
♪ Doesn't know my real name ♪
♪ It's about time. my time ♪
♪ Keep it moving ♪
You okay?
Yeah. well. hells bells. woman.
Let me just rest my eyes while I
can.
I'm just an old man.
Hold on. you can talk to him at
the hospital.
I'll talk to him here.
No. you're not hearing me.
No. you're not hearing me. son.
I'm talking to him.
Excuse us.
His manners can sometimes get
away from him
this late at night.
Do you know the man done this to
you?
Huh?
I ain't saying shit.
I know my rights.
Do you now?
Sound like you're on a TV show.
That must hurt some awful.
Got some painkillers?
Some good shit?
Fuck out of here. man.
Ah. fuck!
Ah!
Maybe they didn't give you good
shit after all.
Oh. fuck.
If he left you alive. you must
have told him something.
What was it?
I didn't say nothing. man.
Come on.
If he left you alive. you must
have told him something.
I didn't say nothing.
So what was it?
I didn't say nothing!
I didn't say fucking nothing!
Stop!
Stop. please. stop!
What was it?
Stop. please just stop!
I'm not gonna let go.
You tell me what it was.
Fuck.
You think this is piece of your
knee cap?
Ah. fuck!
Huh? Okay.
Okay. okay. okay.
I didn't say nothing. man.
I swear it.
It was fucking Darius told him.
okay?
Now what did Darius tell him?
What'd Darius tell him?
Fuck man!
Fuck!
You alright?
Was it a deer?
You wanna tell me what's going
on. Sheriff?
I--
I saw--
It may have been a few years
since it happened last.
I didn't see him how he was when
he died.
You know. grown and all.
I see making--
I see my little boy.
I see him--
I see him as my little-- my
little boy.
I missed my-- my chance to save
him.
I seen my sister once.
She said that life is a river
that eventually spills into the
ocean.
And when you get to the delta
where the river meets the sea.
that's where your loved ones
will be waiting for you.
Well. maybe it's not too late
for Shelby John.
How many more? Let's go.
What's taking so long?
Load it up. load it up.
We gotta move.
Boss wants us out the door.
Go grab mine.
You.
Hey. hey.
Whoa. whoa. easy. easy. man.
Shut up.
Come on. bro. what happened?
Easy. easy.
Okay. okay. okay.
No. no.
No. man.
Clean this shit up. man.
Let's go. gentlemen.
Load it up.
Come on. let's go.
Boss wants us out of the door.
We're good.
Alright man. hurry up.
Take the back roads. don't
forget.
Back roads. huh?
Go. go. go. go.
Yo. what the fuck was that?
In what I've seen over the years
of hell.
just over the past 24 hours.
this beast is more complex than
we ever thought.
Every time we cut off one
tentacle.
another one sneaks
up in its place.
♪ Amazing grace ♪
♪ How sweet the sound ♪
♪ I once was lost. but now am
found ♪
♪ I was blind but now I see ♪
♪ 'Twas grace that taught my
heart to fear ♪
♪ And grace my fears relieved ♪
♪ How precious did that oh.
grace appear ♪
♪ 'Twas grace that taught my
heart to fear ♪
He's already done here.
How the hell you know that?
Shelby knows this land.
You stay here. secure the
perimeter.
I guess nobody's coming to save
your ass.
Get the fuck...
Give me the phone.
What's the passcode?
Passcode?
Fuck you.
Open wide.
9-1-7-3.
Let's see you was calling.
MALE VOICE
Hello. you've reached Wild Cat
Tracking.
Georgia's finest shipping and
logistics company.
If you know the extension
of the party you're trying to
reach. dial it now.
If not. just press 0 to be
connected.
What the fuck is this about?
I don't know.
Wrong number. my bad.
Who the fuck do you work for?
Santa Claus. bitch.
Tell me his fucking name.
Fuck you.
Fuck you!
That's enough. Shelby John.
That's enough.
Mike?
Time to end this. son.
Come on.
I come to bring you home. son.
There ain't no home for me no
more.
I know it.
But Ruby made her own choices.
Same as Maken did.
I don't like it neither.
but that don't make it any less
true.
and beating this pile of shit to
death won't bring her back.
As soon as my lawyer's done with
your ass--
Will you shut up?
I may be crazy. Sheriff. but I
ain't stupid.
Yeah. Ruby had choices.
but some of them choices were
made for her.
I tried to protect--
Don't do it. please.
Please. Mike.
Do it. Come on. end this.
No. no.
Please. bring me mercy.
Either you do it. or I'm gonna
shoot this motherfucker right
here.
Drop the weapon.
Lieutenant. please.
I've lost too much.
I know.
Ain't no way. son.
Not like this.
I've lost too much.
No.
This ain't how you win.
Not on my watch.
Come on.
You can't do this.
Come on. huh?
Help me get her out of here.
Can't go back that way.
Let's get her down to the road.
Wait. wait. stop.
Please.
We need your help.
She's been shot.
Is she alright?
No please. we need to get her in
the back of the truck.
Well. hurry up.
Hey. you save her. Mike.
You save her. Mike.
Shelby. you be careful.
Go on.
Come on. You say something to me
now.
Come on. you can say something.
Come on. I know you.
Talk to me.
That's it. fight it.
Fight. whatever--
NEWS ANCHOR
Shelby John of Wayfair is
suspected
in the killing of Elvis Kincaid.
a local heroin dealer.
As well as the shooting
of Skeeter Burg
another suspected drug dealer
in Columbus.
MALE VOICE
Hello. you've reached Wild Cat
Tracking.
Georgia's finest shipping and
logistics company.
If you know the extension of the
party you're trying to reach.
dial it now.
Shelby John.
You've been busy.
You believe in God?
Been in church every Sunday in
my life.
Ain't what I asked.
I do.
Do you?
I do now.
Gave Ruby over
to the hands of God
when I put her in that river.
And now you're doing God's work.
Is that it?
You think God approves of what
you've been doing?
You know. I didn't want to admit
it to myself.
But I was relieved when Sheriff
Church caught up to me.
Didn't know I wanted to be
stopped until I was stopped.
And things kept going.
Out of my control.
If that wasn't God pushing me to
do his business.
I don't know what it was.
Everything I've done.
I've done for my family.
Does Darlene know what you do?
Don't you worry about Darlene.
And Conor?
Boy's sound asleep upstairs. not
a care in the world.
Because all his needs are
provided for him.
Think he'd feel the same if he
knew how his daddy bought all
these nice things?
When God commanded Abraham to
slay his son.
Abraham did not refuse.
He was ready to comply.
See. that is the story that
scares people.
Even though it's a faith.
But not me.
Because Abraham understood he
was part of something bigger
than himself.
Bigger than his son who he loved
with all his heart.
We cannot pretend to understand
the mind of God.
We can only sacrifice
what we are called upon to
sacrifice.
It started with a simple favor.
I had over extended myself.
I was on the verge of losing
everything.
Then I met a man.
It was not on no crossroads or
anything so dramatic.
And he offered me a lifeline.
And all I had to do was
transport something for him.
I told myself at the time.
"You are making bargain with the
devil."
But I said to myself. "This is--
it's just this one time."
Darlene was pregnant.
We were gonna lose house.
So I did the man his favor.
God did not strike me down.
God rewarded me.
And I do not mean with earthly
possessions.
I'm talking about new found
sense of peace
of self-reliance so strong.
that when the man came calling
again.
I took what belonged to him for
myself. and I never.
ever looked back.
I left my old self behind like
the husk of a cicada.
Reborn.
♪ No one knows me better than
you ♪
♪ That look in your eyes is what
I see in you ♪
It's Ruby's song.
I loved that girl like my own
sister.
I still do.
Believe this belongs to you.
Peter.
That's what killed her.
Your product in her veins.
I want you to feel what she felt
when she died.
What's the matter. Pete?
Your own product ain't good
enough for you?
I ain't no junkie.
I ain't leaving here till you
do.
♪ Oh. I wanna feel something ♪
♪ I just want to breathe again ♪
♪ Darling. to the deepest end ♪
♪ Oh. I wanna feel something ♪
♪ Let me get back in my body ♪
♪ Oh. I wanna open my hands ♪
♪ I know that healing
is for me ♪
♪ I wanna breathe again ♪
♪ Oh. I wanna feel something ♪
♪ I just wanna breathe again ♪
♪ Darling. to the deepest end ♪
♪ Oh I wanna feel something ♪
♪ Something good ♪
SHERIFF
They say our loved ones will be
waiting for us.
where the river meets the sea.
I look forward to that.
♪ Oh. I wanna feel something ♪
♪ Something good ♪
♪ Feel something ♪